1)Who developed Python and why was it created? Explain one major 
difference between python and c in terms of program execution.
Ans : Python was developed by Guido Van Rassum it was created to address the issues found in the ABC Language and make programming easy.
difference between Python and c in terms of program execution is that Python executes the program 
line by line where as c reads the entire program and then executes the program.

2)Explain the python build process starting from .py file to execution. Mention the role of 
    a)Pthon interpreter 
    b)Bytecode
    c)PVM
Ans: Source Code : developer creates a .py file and wrties code in it .
Lexical anaylsis : The python interpreter scans the code and breaks it into tokens.
Parsing : These tokens are parsed and transformed into Abstract Syntax Tree  here it checks for syntax errors.
Compilation : the AST is compiled into Python Bytecode(.pyc files). 
Bytecode : it is a low-level language understandable by the PVM.
Execution : the Python Virtual Machine (PVM) reads the bytcode and execute it line by line.

3)What is Bytecode in Python? where is it stored and why does pyton use it?
Ans: It is a low-level language understandable by the PVM. it is stored in _pycache_ directory as .pyc files.
python (PVM) uses bytecode to execute the program line by line. 

4)Is Python compiled language or interpreted language?
justify your answer with execution steps 
Ans:python is a interpreted language as Python code is executed line by line using python interpreter this makes
debugging easy because errors are shown immediately.

5)what is the purpose of the _pycache_  folder?
Ans: its purpose it to store all the .pyc files (i.e Bytecode files)

6)Python is called dynamically typed language. explain this with a short code example.
Ans: We donot need to declare the datatype of a variable. the dataype is decided at the runtime 
eg- A = 11    #A is an integer
    A = "Hi"  #a is a string.

7)Explain why python is considered :
Platform Independent
Portable
Ans:python programs can run on windows, linux, and macos without changing the code. This makes Python 
portable accross every systems.

8)What do you understand by "Indentation Specific Language"?
why is indentation mandatory in python?
Ans : Indentation used to define blocks of code, for grouping is extremely elegant and contributes a lot to the clarity of the average Python program.
Because there are no begin/end brackets, Python is much less prone to coding-style conflicts. 

9)What will happen if the indentation is not maintained properly? Explain with a small code snippet.
Ans : If indentation is not maintained it will throw error 
x=10
if x>5
print("X is greater than 5") #this will throw error

10)Python supports multiprogramming paradigms. Name any three paragidms and explain any one.
Ans:
1)procedural programming
2)object-oriented programming
3)Functional programming
  Object-oriented programming where we can perfrom Encapsulation, Abstraction, Inheritance, Polymorphism. In python 
  everything is an object and every object belongs to a class or data type.